DOCS-6735 ACM: Dec 7 release (#122)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-community.adoc

> = Create a Community

Reviewer: This .adoc file is larger than most whole documents/PRs that I get to edit.
We really should think about this being more than one deliverable.
Looks like there should be an independent Anypoint API Community Manager Configuration Guide.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> Use these steps to create, configure, and publish your community with branding, forums and moderation rules, Salesforce CMS, Salesforce CRM Content, and Chatter tracking for APIs.

Reviewer: Avoid self-referential language such as "use these steps" when what you refer to is not immediately following.
We don't want to explicitly introduce "following" topics, tasks, sections, or anything relating to a doc unit as something separate from the current text.

Consider merging this first sentence into the second, so that this topic set introduction tells what the audience wants or needs to do, tells why, and summarizes the subtopics.

Author: Fixed.

> You can create any number of communities. All communities are in the same Salesforce organization. The default Anypoint API Community Manager license covers up to 100 communities.

Reviewer: Per the above recommendation, perhaps something like....
```suggestion
You can create, configure, and publish any number of communities with branding, forums and moderation rules, Salesforce CMS, Salesforce CRM content, and Chatter tracking for APIs. All communities are in the same Salesforce organization. The default Anypoint API Community Manager license covers up to 100 communities.
```

Reviewer: See below for an alteration to this edit....

> NOTE: Installing, updating, or configuring API Community Manager must be done by a user account with the *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization.

Reviewer: Instead of using a note, consider including this in the main text:
```suggestion
If you have a *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization, you can create, configure, and publish....
```

Reviewer: Also...I see below subtitles for subtopics for creating and (several) for configuring, but no subtopic with a title that includes "publish".

Reviewer: From this point, I will stop making org. observations and focus on copyediting, in the interest of your deadline.  :-)

== Create a New Community

> . If you are not familiar with Communities, refer to the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=networks_resources.htm&type=5[Salesforce Communities Overview, role=external, window=_blank].

Reviewer: Sounds like a prereq rather than an actual step....

. Navigate to *Setup*.

> . In the *Quick Find* box, enter *All Communities* and then click *All Communities*.

Reviewer: Use bold syntax tagging ( *` `* ) for user entry:
```suggestion
. In the *Quick Find* box, enter *`All Communities`* and then click *All Communities*.
```

. Click *New Community*.
+
All communities templates are listed.

> . Choose any of the *API Community Manager Templates* if you want to get started from an example, any of the other available templates, or *Build your own* if you want to design your community from scratch with full control of the structure and look and feel.

Reviewer: Suggest two separate steps, to improve readability:
```suggestion
. If you want help designing your community, choose any of the *API Community Manager Templates* or any of the other available templates.
. If you don't need help designing your community, choose *Build your own*. 
```

> . On the desired template page, click *Get Started*.

Reviewer: "the desired template page" is confusing. I suggest we assume that the user has completed the previous step, landed in the right spot, and now needs to...:
```suggestion
. Click *Get Started*.
```
I assume "Get Started" is on the first page of all templates and also of build your own?

Author: Yes, this is correct.

> . Enter a *Name* and an *optional URL suffix* for your community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter values for *Name* and *optional URL suffix* for your community.
```

. Click *Create*.
+
The configuration process will take a few minutes.
+

> When the configuration process finishes, you'll see your new community workspace.

Reviewer: Suggest adding to the next step:
```suggestion
. When the configuration process finishes and you see your new community workspace, click *Install AppExchange Package* in the top banner and follow the installation wizard instructions.
```

> . Click *Install AppExchange Package* on the top banner to install the pre-defined metrics and dashboards, and follow the installation wizard instructions.

Reviewer: OMIT, per previous suggestion
```suggestion
```

+

> Be sure to install this package in your production organization when prompted by the wizard.

Reviewer: Do we really need to add this to "follow the installation wizard instructions"?
Is this something that users are missing in actual practice?

Author: I think the error was that some admins were installing into a test org and not the production org.

+

> You may need to re-enter your login credentials to complete the installation of this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to reenter your login credentials to complete the installation of this package.
```
Is this prompted by the wizard? If so, do we need to specify this?

Author: That will be prompted, and can be omitted-- I'll do so.

> . In the *Application Launcher* navigate to *ACM Administrator*, click *Community Administration*, go to the *Settings* section, and click *Activate Community*.

Reviewer: Do we need to nav the user to Application Launcher, or does it appear at the completion of the wizard?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Application Launcher*, navigate to *ACM Administrator*, click *Community Administration*, go to the *Settings* section, and click *Activate Community*.
```

Author: It is visible at the completion of the wizard.

> To enable the admin panels, publish your community for the first time:

Reviewer: This looks like it should be a new subtopic.
Consider ending the previous task with a plain-text statement about completing the wizard as the end of creating and the user now being ready to publish.
Also, this means that the initial topic set intro should refer to the subtasks as create, publish, and configure (or customize...not sure if by "configure" we intended creating before publishing or customizing after: clarify).

. In the API Community Manager control panel, click *Community Builder*.
. Click *Publish* in the top right corner.
. In the *Publish Your Community* dialog, click *Publish*.
+

> In a few minutes your community will be published.

Reviewer: Consider omitting. If not....
```suggestion
In a few minutes, your community is published.
```
"is published" = some other wording for how the user knows: does something appear onscreen? Or is the email message of the following step sufficient (and so we don't need this sentence after all)?

Author: Nothing appears onscreen, just the email. I'll consider omitting this sentence.

> . Look for an email notification including your community's public URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Look for an email notification including your published community's public URL, or open the API Community Manager control panel and click *Open Community*.
```

> . You can also find your community live URL by opening the API Community Manager control panel and clicking *Open Community*.

Reviewer: OMIT per previous

> NOTE: To use a custom domain name, also known as a vanity domain, refer to the Salesforce knowledge article https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000336819&type=1&mode=1[Run your Salesforce Community under a custom domain, role=external, window=_blank].

Reviewer: Instead of a note, can we follow the final step above with plain para text saying that you can now create a vanity name or further customize your community, and name the links or include them in a See Also subtopic?

> To customize the look, feel, and branding of your community, refer to xref:brand-intro.adoc[Brand and Customize Your API Community].

Reviewer: See previous comment.
Also (and this might just be personal), I really thing "look and feel" is cliche. 
I'd prefer "customize" or "brand" alone (being only slightly different from one another).

== Configure Content

> Your community's content configuration controls the forums, moderation rules, Chatter tracking for APIs, Salesforce CMS, and Salesforce CRM Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your community's content configuration controls the forums, moderation rules, Chatter tracking for APIs, Salesforce CMS, and Salesforce CRM content of your published community.
```
Note that this is more of a statement intro than an intro to what the user wants or needs to do, and why.
But it is a nice summation preparing the audience for the topic-set content.

. Click *Navigational Topics*.
. Create as many topics as you need for your community forums and click *Save*.

> By default discussion forums are not moderated, so any member can create posts with any content and the posts become visible for other members immediately. If you want to define a basic "review/approve-all" moderation model, use these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, discussion forums are not moderated, so any member can create posts with any content and the posts become visible for other members immediately. If you want to define a basic "review/approve-all" moderation model, follow these steps:
```

You can define much more advanced moderation and review rules. You can find more information in the Salesforce Community Cloud documentation about https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=networks_moderator_manage_rules.htm&type=5[forum moderation rules, role=external, window=_blank].

> Chatter tracking enables your community to create discussions on specific objects like APIs. To enable Chatter tracking:

Reviewer: "discussions on objects"?
Can we use "discussions on specific topics, such as..."?

. In *Setup*, search for *Chatter* using the *Quick Find* box and click *Feed Tracking*.

> . Click the *CommunityAPI* object.

Reviewer: Is this labeled CommunityAPI in the UI? 
If so, omit "the" and "object."

> . Click *Enable feed tracking*. You do not need to select any fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Without selecting any fields, click *Enable feed tracking*. 
```

. Click *Save*.

=== Enable CMS Content

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a sentence that introduces the two subcontents about CMS (two different methods) and CRM.

. In the *Add Destination* step, select your community in the list by clicking on the "+" sign. Click *Next*.
. In the *Add Contributors* step click *Next*.
. Confirm the information and click *Done*.
. In *Setup*, click *Profiles*, open *System Administrator*, and click *Edit*.
. In *Tab Settings*, set *CMS Workspaces* to *Default On*.
. Click *Save*.

> If you want to organize CMS content using Topics, use these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to organize CMS content using Topics, follow these steps:
```

. Go to the API Community Manager control panel, click *Manage CMS Content*, and click *Topics*.
. Select the topics you want to enable to organize CMS content and click *Enable for content* in the top right.

Enable Salesforce CRM Content:

. In *Setup*, search for *Salesforce CRM* using the *Quick Find* box and click *Salesforce CRM Content*.
. Click *Enable Salesforce CRM Content*.
. Click *Save*.

== Configure Profiles and Permissions

> After you create a community, you must create the different user profiles for your community guests and members, so that you can control access to and visibility of APIs and content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a community, you must create different user profiles for your community _members_ (signed in) and _guests_, so that you can control access to and visibility of APIs and content.
```

> Users that are signed in are *members*, and other users are *guests*.

Reviewer: OMIT, per previous

Reviewer: Suggest switching the order of the following two subtopics to match the order in the text intros.
OR
changing the order in the text intros.

> === Guest User Profile Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Guest User Profile Permissions and Configuration
```

These are the permissions for the guest users:

[cols="2,3,3",options=header,width="100%",frame="topbot"]

> |======================

Reviewer: GLOBAL:
Table column headings should use title-style capitalization.
Table row index entries should not.

|Object

> |Required object permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required Object Permissions
```

> |Required field-level permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required Field-Level Permissions
```

|AnypointApiCategories
|Read

> |All fields Read Access

Reviewer: I would GLOBALLY lowercase "access" in this column.

|AnypointApiInstances
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApiVersionQueries
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApiVersions
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointCategories
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointEnvironments
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointOrganizations
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|CommunityApis
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|Documents
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|SelfRegisterUserRequests
|Read, Create, Edit, Delete
|All fields Read Access, Edit Access

|======================

To configure permissions for the guest user profile:

> . In *Setup*, navigate to the guest user profile link under the *Guest user profile* section, named *[Community Name] Profile*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Setup*, navigate to the guest user profile link in the *Guest user profile* section, named *[Community Name] Profile*.
```

. Click *Edit*.

> . Edit the object permissions to match the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the object permissions to match those shown in the previous table.
```

. Click *Save*.
. Click the link for *Enabled Apex Class Access*.
. Click *Edit*.

> . Select all classes on the list and click *Add* to make them accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select all classes in the list and click *Add* to make them accessible.
```

. Click *Save*.

> === Member User Profile Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Member User Profile Permissions and Configuration
```

These are the permissions for the member users:

[cols="2,3,3",options=header,width="100%",frame="topbot"]
|======================
|Object

> |Required object permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required Object Permissions
```

> |Required field-level permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required Field-Level Permissions
```

|AnypointApiCategories
|Read

> |All fields Read Access

Reviewer: ditto re. "access"

|AnypointApiInstances
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApiTiers
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApiVersionQueries
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApiVersions
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointApplications
|Read, Create, Edit, Delete
|All fields Read Access, Edit Access

|AnypointCategories
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointContracts
|Read, Create, Edit, Delete
|All fields Read Access, Edit Access

|AnypointEnvironments
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|AnypointOrganizations
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|Cases
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|CommunityApis
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|Documents
|Read
|All fields Read Access

|SelfRegisterUserRequests
|Read, Create, Edit, Delete
|All fields Read Access, Edit Access

|======================

> To configure permissions for the member user profile so your members can access APIs, create client applications and manage their details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure permissions for the member user profile so your members can access APIs, create client applications, and manage their details:
```
Do we need to specify the member uses in this intro, or are they self-evident?

Author: This could go either way. I think I'll leave the specification in, so admins know what sort of problems are caused by incorrect member permissions.

. In *Setup*, search for *Users* using the *Quick Find* box and click *Profiles*.
. Click the *Customer Community Plus Login User* profile.
. Click *Clone*.
. For *Profile Name* enter `ACM Member User`.
. Click *Save*.
. In the *ACM Member User* profile page, click *Edit*.

> . Edit the object permissions to match the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Edit the object permissions to match those shown in the previous table.
```

. Click *Save*.
. Click the link for *Enabled Apex Class Access*.
. Click *Edit*.

> . Select all classes on the list and click *Add* to make them accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select all classes in the list and click *Add* to make them accessible.
```

. Click *Save*.

== Configure Sharing Settings

> 

Reviewer: ditto re. text intro that sets the audience expectation for the subtopics of guests and members

. Click *Update*.
. Click *Save*.

== Enable Guest User Registration as Members

> These steps enable guests to register as members in your API Community Manager portal.

Reviewer: These are subtasks that contain steps, not just steps.
Ditto prev. comments about introducing the subtopics Assign, Create, Configure, Configure.

IMPORTANT: Do not *Remove* the *System Administrator* profile from the *Selected Profiles* section. If you remove the *System Administrator* profile you will lose all access to your community.

Create an account for your community members:

. Navigate to *App Launcher* and click *Accounts*.
. Click *New* to create a new account.
. Enter `ACM Registered Users` in *Account Name*.
. Click *Save*.

Configure a registration page for your community members. The self-registration Lightning component enables guest users to register themselves as members of your community. If you're not using any of the templates supplied with API Community Manager, use these steps to add the self-registration Lightning component specific to API Community Manager:

. In the API Community Manager control panel, open *Community Builder*.
. In the *Pages* list in the top left, navigate to the *Register* page.
. Remove the standard *Self Registration* Lightning component by clicking the delete icon next to it.

> . Navigate to *Components*, search for *Self Register* and add the Lightning component to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Components*, search for `self register`, and add the Lightning component to the page.
```

.. Select *ACM Registered Users Account* in *Account*.
. Click *Save*.

> NOTE: Refer to xref:brand-intro.adoc[Brand and Customize Your API Community] to understand how to configure the look and feel of your login and registration pages.

Reviewer: ditto previous comments about Note vs. text following final step, and about "look and feel"....

> == Set Up an Admin Approval Process for New User Creation (Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Optionally Set Up an Admin Approval Process for Creating New Users
```

Reviewer: Be sure to introduce subtopics

the *Approver Id* field. For example, if the unique ID is `2F0052D000001QpG1`,
paste `0052D000001QpG1` in the *Approver Id* field.

== Configure Impersonation

> 

Reviewer: Be sure to introduce subtasks IdP, first/last name, external, authorize, map....

Reviewer: These subsubtasks are pretty deeply nested.
Consider future org eval to try to uplevel them.

. Set *Audience* to match the *Entity Id* you set in the Salesforce account.
. Click *Save*.

> Configure and authorize the ODATA bridge to perform impersonation.

Reviewer: OData
```suggestion
Configure and authorize the OData bridge to perform impersonation.
```

you must add this key in the External Identity configuration on Anypoint Platform, as shown in these steps.

. In Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management* -> *External Identity* -> *Edit*.
. Add your key in *Public Key*.
.. Copy the key with no line breaks.
.. After the key displayed in the *Public Key* field, add a comma (`,`) and then paste in the new key.
.. Click *Save*.

> Re-authenticate the data bridge as described in xref:data-bridge.adoc#authenticate-data-bridge[Authenticate the Data Bridge].

Reviewer: Don't hyphenate most prefixes (see style ref)
```suggestion
Reauthenticate the data bridge as described in xref:data-bridge.adoc#authenticate-data-bridge[Authenticate the Data Bridge].
```
